​​​ ​Oh so awkward in everything I try​ ​​
​​​ ​I keep messing up every chance I get​ ​​
​​​ ​As hopeless as I may have always been​ ​​
​​​ ​There are things that only I can do​ ​​
​​​ ​When you're sad and down​ ​​
​​​ ​I can put a smile on your face​ ​​
​​​ ​I'm waiting for you right here​ ​​
​​​ ​So hurry up and find me​ ​​
​​​ ​love you love you.​ ​​
​​​ ​oh oh oh oh oh​ ​​
​​​ ​Minato Aqua - #Aqua Iro Palette​ ​​
​​ ​Music & Lyrics: Junky​ ​​
​​​ ​I love you.​ ​​
​​​ ​I ​love you.​ ​​
​​​ ​oh oh oh oh oh​ ​​
​​​ ​Illustrator: せらみっく (ceramic)​ ​​
​​​ ​love you love you.​ ​​
​​​ ​oh oh oh oh oh​ ​​
​​​ ​Ahh​ ​​
​​​ ​I love you so much.​ ​​
​​​ ​I ​love you so much.​ ​​
​​​ ​I ​love ​you so much.​ ​​
​​​ ​love you love you.​ ​​
​​​ ​oh oh oh oh oh​ ​​
​​​ ​I love you.​ ​​
​​​ ​I ​love you.​ ​​
​​​ ​oh oh oh oh oh​ ​​
​​​ ​love you love you.​ ​​
​​​ ​Ahh​ ​​
​​​ ​So love me more​ ​​
​​​ I am always there by your side​ ​​
​​​ ​We can always laugh together​ ​​
​​​ I want you to know more about me​ ​​
​​​ ​And come to love me lots​ ​​
​​​ ​I'm spoiled, not a morning person​ ​​
​​​ ​Clumsy and hopeless​ ​​
​​​ ​But still, please​ ​​
​​​ ​Watch me​ ​​
​​​ ​This path stretches out to the dreamy future I envision​ ​​
​​​ ​I only hope to walk it together with you​ ​​
​​​ ​I want more​ ​​
​​​ I really really want you to love me! ​​
​​​ ​My mind is full of thoughts about you​ ​​
​​​ ​Wait, don't take your eyes off of me​ ​​
​​​ ​Aw, geez, you're going to make me upset​ ​​
​​​ ​I want you to love me forevermore​ ​​
​​​ ​zutto zutto suki ga ii no​ ​​
​​​ ​kokoro no oku mo tokimei chau kurai ni​ ​​
​​​ ​To ignite a flame deep within your heart​ ​​
​​​ ​kocchi muiteteyo ne daarin?​ ​​
​​​ ​So keep looking my way, darling​ ​​
​​​ ​aa mou hanasanai kara, zettai ni!​ ​​
​​​ ​Ah, I'm not letting you go​ ​​
​​​ ​Not ever​ ​​
​​​ ​aa mou hanasanai kara, zettai ni!​ ​​
​​​ ​love you love you.​ ​​
​​​ ​oh oh oh oh oh​ ​​
​​​ ​I love you.​ ​​
​​​ ​I ​love you.​ ​​
​​​ ​oh oh oh oh oh​ ​​
​​​ ​love you love you.​ ​​
​​​ ​Ahh​ ​​
​​​ ​aishite motto​ ​​
​​​ ​So love me more​ ​​
​​​ ​kimi ga iru kara watashi itsudemo ganbareru n da​ ​​
​​​ ​It's because of you that​ ​​
​​​ ​I can keep giving it my all​ ​​
​​​ ​kimi ga iru kara watashi itsudemo ganbareru n da​ ​​
​​​ ​ochikonde kanashiku tatte kimi ga iru kara...​ ​​
​​​ ​When I'm sad and down​ ​​
​​​ ​You're always there for me​ ​​
​​​ ​ochikonde kanashiku tatte kimi ga iru kara...​ ​​
​​​ ​kimi ga iru kara aruite koreta​ ​​
​​​ ​With you​ ​​
​​​ ​I can keep walking​ ​​
​​​ ​kimi ga iru kara aruite koreta​ ​​
​​​ ​kimi ga inaku cha mae mo mirenai​ ​​
​​​ ​Without you​ ​​
​​​ ​I can't see what lies ahead​ ​​
​​​ ​kimi ga inaku cha mae mo mirenai​ ​​
​​​ ​iyana koto toka tsurai koto toka atta tte​ ​​
​​​ ​Even when I faced hardships and troubles​ ​​
​​​ ​kimi no chikara de koko made waratte koreta n da​ ​​
​​​ ​Your help kept me smiling all the time​ ​​
​​​ ​kondo wa motto watashi ga gutto hippatte​ ​​
​​​ ​Now it's my turn to hold your hand and guide you​ ​​
​​​ ​tsureteiku n da​ ​​
​​​ ​Take you to the promised land​ ​​
​​​ ​kimi ga iru kara watashi ga iru no​ ​​
​​​ ​It's because of you that​ ​​
​​​ ​I'm here right now​ ​​
​​​ ​kimi ga iru kara watashi ga iru no​ ​​
​​​ ​konna watashi o aishite kureru?​ ​​
​​​ ​Will you still love me​ ​​
​​​ ​For who I am?​ ​​
​​​ ​konna watashi o aishite kureru?​ ​​
​​​ ​nee motto nee motto​ ​​
​​​ ​More and more, and then some more​ ​​
​​​ ​mada motto uketomete yo ne! nee ii?​ ​​
​​​ ​And even more, accept all that I have to give​ ​​
​​​ ​Okay?​ ​​
​​​ ​mada motto uketomete yo ne! nee ii?​ ​​
​​​ ​saa koe o agete!​ ​​
​​​ ​Now raise your voice!​ ​​
​​​ ​nee motto nee motto​ ​​
​​​ ​I want more​ ​​
​​​ ​suki ni natte moraitai no​ ​​
​​​ ​I want you to love me more​ ​​
​​​ ​itsudemo sou watashi bakka​ ​​
​​​ ​I don't always have to have my way​ ​​
​​​ ​mitai ni soppo nante mukasenai wa​ ​​
​​​ ​So I won't let you take your eyes off of me​ ​​
​​​ ​ne, hora muchuu ni shichau wa Ah​ ​​
​​​ ​Look, I'm going to make you crazy for me​ ​​
​​​ ​zutto zutto suki ga ii no!​ ​​
​​​ ​I want you to love me forevermore​ ​​
​​​ ​kokoro mo karada mo somacchau kurai ni​ ​​
​​​ ​To dye your body and soul in my palette​ ​​
​​​ ​kocchi muiteteyo ne daarin?​ ​​
​​​ ​So keep looking my way, darling​ ​​
​​​ ​aa mou hanasanai kara, zettai ni!​ ​​
​​​ ​Ah, I'm not letting you go​ ​​
​​​ ​Not ever​ ​​
​​​ ​aa mou hanasanai kara, zettai ni!​ ​​
​​​ ​zettai ne zettai yo yakusoku da yo​ ​​
​​​ ​Never, ever​ ​​
​​​ ​Forever​ ​​
​​​ ​zettai ne zettai yo yakusoku da yo​ ​​
​​​ ​It's a promise!​ ​​
​​​ ​love you love you.​ ​​
​​​ ​oh oh oh oh oh​ ​​
​​​ ​I love you.​ ​​
​​​ ​I ​love you.​ ​​
​​​ ​oh oh oh oh oh​ ​​
​​​ ​love you love you.​ ​​
​​​ ​Ahh​ ​​
​​​ ​I love you so much.​ ​​
​​​ ​I ​love you so much.​ ​​
​​​ ​I ​love ​you so much.​ ​​
​​​ ​love you love you.​ ​​
​​​ ​oh oh oh oh oh​ ​​
​​​ ​I love you.​ ​​
​​​ ​I ​love you.​ ​​
​​​ ​oh oh oh oh oh​ ​​
​​​ ​love you love you.​ ​​
​​​ ​Ahh​ ​​
​​​ ​aishichau motto​ ​​
​​​ ​Let's fall in love even more​ ​​